added missing documentation for JUnit naming convention (#2490)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Participate/Process/Code/Writing-JUnit-Tests.md

- Some parts of the code require a lot of Bukkit API mocking. If this takes too much time no tests are
  necessary

### Naming Convention
We use `snake_case` for test method names.
The name should be descriptive and readable as the IDE will use it to display the test results
and the underscores will be replaced by spaces.

> You can also add the `@Nested` annotation to group tests together in a subclass.
> For the subclasses itself you should also use `snake_case`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use inner classes along with the `@Nested` annotation to group tests together then you should also
should also use `snake_case` for the name of that class.
```
